[Music]
sister bauer wakes up from a coma from
shot
but found myself in a weird room
self-color soundproof cotton is
installed on all sides of the room
even if she yells to break her throat
the sound can't go out
what's more terrifying is that no matter
how much sister boa remembers
i can't afford who i am why the hell is
here
driven by unknown fears sister bore more
and more anxious
soon my eyes began to tear the sheets to
vent their emotions ran to the gate with
her tight
knock on the door who thought it was but
heard it coming from outside the room
terrible roar sister boar was so scared
that she hid in the corner
then the lights in the room became
flickering and dimming pin chat
the door to the white room actually
opened my sister saw the hope of escape
finally got out of the room with courage
outside the room is an old and dim
corridor
she walked along the corridor blue saw
several similar closed rooms
in one of the rooms it's also closed
with a young man who has lost his memory
sister bower let him out together
embarked on a journey to find my way out
the dark corridor is long it took a long
time for the two to find out
there is a locked iron door at the end
of the corridor suddenly two people came
across from the iron gate
they are black girl and glasses brother
i also lost my memory it was imprisoned
in the rome
after the four of them exchanged decided
to turn around to find a way out
if you find a way out come back here
find a way to pry open the iron door and
escape together
brother glasses and black girl turned
around and walked back soon after i
found a staircase submerged in darkness
the two boldly walked down but found a
huge underground swimming pool
there is a naked girl in the pool are
happily swimming
brother glasses thought he found the
insider happily walked up and wanted to
communicate with her who would think
that this big-eyed girl is also an
amnesia
it's just that the big-eyed girl has a
bigger heart not caring about one's
current situation
when i found this swimming pool i
started to play in the water happily i
heard that glasses brother and black
girl are going to explore the exit
big eyes girl don't say anything start
wearing clothes as soon as you climb up
brother glasses turn awkwardly to avoid
but the eyes are subconsciously warned
beautiful shadows on the wall who is the
shadow of the big-eyed girl suddenly
several black tentacles have grown
brother glasses turn around in horror
but i found that everything is normal on
big-eyed girl
is it because i am dazzled just when
brother glasses was going to wipe the
glasses
sister bower and brother com found a
similar laboratory room
the room is full of various medicines
and instruments there is still an old
lover lying on the platform
sister boar stepped forward to check
subconsciously soon sister bower found
out that she was
seems to know very well i only took a
look at the instruments strapped to the
old man's head
halation only glanced at the instrument
strapped to the old man's head
i only took a look at the instruments
has been activated eight times at the
same time brother com found it in the
closet
two white coats two p street the two
immediately
happily put on their white coats who
thought the clothes were just put on
a black man with a steel pipe rushed in
violently beat the individual
the unprepared two are not rivals at all
fortunately
com ding is proficient in mouth escape
quickly explain i am also a victim
these two arrogant hangs just turn it
out from the real room
the black guy calmed down it turns out
that he also lost his memory
i saw two people wearing white hangings
in the laboratory i thought they were
experimenters
then the black apologized sharing
information with the two of them he told
the two to go forward in this direction
one by one
huge's security door but there is an
electronic lock on the security door
he can't open it at all only then turned
around and walked back
at this moment the shadow in the room
suddenly stretched out strangely
gathering behind the black man the black
turned around and looked over in
confusion
suddenly the shadow sticks out a spike
pierced the black man's chest in an
instant
seeing the black man killed by the
shadow monster calm brother is finally
no longer
calm pull up sister bower and run back
soon after i ran back to the iron gate
it's not enough that the black shadow
monster has swallowed the black man
screamed and chased up again the two of
them smashed the door desperately at the
moment of life and death
finally broke out at the last minute hid
in a heavy color room aside
the monster seems very afraid of light a
few tentacles reached into the room and
instantly retracted
seeing the monster gradually disappear
only then did the two dare to return to
the corridor and move on
soon they also saw the pool in the
basement in the locker room in the
basement
five people successfully converged when
we met we talked about the shadow
monster
and the first hapless person who died in
his hands i heard someone has taken the
box lunch
the big guys unanimously decided not to
go upstairs explore the way out in the
basement
big-eyed girl also took the initiative
to stand up and say
no a way out soon she led everyone to an
iron door
the big guy opened the iron and walked
in it turns out that this is also a cell
there is a strong man in the cell
tightly locked by chains tightly locked
just like everyone else the strong man
also lost his memory
sister baor thinks he is very pitiful
immediately help the brawny man to
unlock the chains
and the first thing for a strong man to
be free that is to walk to the foot of
the wall
relieved the water then the strong man
pointed to the next room
said there was also a prisoner there do
you want to let her go
sister bower has the idea of one more
person and one more helper
open the iron door next door release the
short-lived girl inside
at this time the shadow monster
reappears on the wall of the cell
attacked everyone again everyone has
experience this time
seeing the dark shadow rushing over rush
to avoid
only the short-lived girl who just
regained her freedom haven't reacted yet
did not say a word was taken away by the
shadow monster
others took the opportunity to run away
because monsters are afraid of light
finally escaped into a lighted office
soon everyone found a data room
there are eight wardrobes in the
reference room there are eight archives
on one zyman
everyone opened it and took a look look
eyes widened in an instant just because
of this information
what i have contained is their personal
information not much talk
somewhat introverted glasses brother is
actually a programmer
black girl is the finance of the
financial company
brother yu danning is a lawyer who
relies on his mouth to eat sister bower
as a doctor
that's why i am very familiar with
medical devices as for the strong man
he is a person with persecution
delusions as for the big-eyed girl
she is actually mentally ill
i was sent for treatment not long ago
because of a mental illness
obviously they stayed in a mental
hospital
[Music]
it is the security and guardian of the
mental hospital
now everyone's mind is more chaotic
everyone has different personalities and
different experiences
why did you show up in the mental
hospital together why do you lose your
memory at the same time
of course this is not the time to
consider these how to escape is a top
priority
everyone put on the clothes in the
closet go out and explore again
suddenly they heard the phone ring deep
in the corridor everyone hurried over
it turns out that i can't open the door
at all after trying to no avail
everyone was depressed and went back to
the nearby room to rest suddenly the
careful sister boar found the mirror on
the wall
it's a double-sided mirror at this time
the phone rang again
obviously it came from the opposite room
the brony pulled out of the locker
excitedly
pistol found broke the glass everyone
got in quickly
who would think that the phone would be
good as soon as it was picked up the
office in front of you is even more
weird
the walls here are full of blood stains
but there is no corpse
there is only one landline but cannot
make a call critical moment programmer
glasses brother
turned on the computer he has lost his
memory but years of work for 996
has already turned programming into
muscle memory soon glass's brother
invaded the database of the mental
hospital
finally found the director of the mental
hospital it's monger doctor
he recently developed a memory cleaning
device the mental patient can be treated
by washing away the memory
the one receiving machine treatment is
tysai voucher
the big-eyed girl who had a nervous
breakdown because of love
then there is zhongwen who has
persecution delusions then came the
strong man with persecution delusion
t and a calm brother who suffers from
mental stress obviously there are only
three medical records in the hospital
but this machine has been used eight
times and he is not a patient in the
other five lives
hospital entered hospital for example
black girl came to investigate and visit
and change you on glasses brother black
security guard
only sister boar can't find it on her
computer any information about her
seeing that things are getting more and
more confusing ching shang empress
after a lot of discussion i decided to
run out first
then sister bauer studied the
topographic map in the computer
finally confirmed the only exit of this
hospital it's a safe room with an
electronic lock
the programmer glasses brother
immediately proposed an opening plan
that is to find the second computer as
long as you have two computers
he can use them to perform multiple
operations thereby invading the
hospital's power supply system
cut off all power directly so where to
find the second computer
where's the computer the clever sister
boar immediately remembered
there is also a computer for experiments
in the laboratory but if all the
hospitals are powered off
shadow monsters can slaughter people
unscrupulously maybe big guy
haven't run out yet it's going to be a
fart everyone has no backspace until now
after thinking again and again everyone
decided to give it a go
so they split up f ha the glasses
brother and the big i sister stay in the
office
sister boar took the others go to the
lab to find another computer wait until
everyone is worried
walk into the laboratory everyone found
that the black body had long since
disappeared
gee online should have been eaten by the
shadow monster so why doesn't the shadow
monster eat the old man lying on the bed
countless question marks popped up in
sister boar's heart and many more
the amnestic was used eight times but if
you add this old man
the number of people with amnesia has
reached nine so there is only one truth
that's one of the remaining six people
pretending to have amnesia
four in the instant laboratory caught in
mutual suspicion
some brawny men with persecution and
delusions suddenly felt that this murder
are hidden behind the scenes
it is possible that a trap has been set
up at the security gate so i took the
black girl and ran to check
let sister bore wait for them to come
back before turning on the computer
sister boa who wants to fill up her mind
the name written on the bracelet of the
person who found it
obviously the lawyer com ding seeing the
identity of the body has been exposed
calm brother finally has a showdown it
turns out that he is a missing doctor
monger
in the experiment a few days ago when
munger was helping the elderly to delete
his memories
accidentally self-defeating strip his
soul out
and after the soul leaves the body
turned into a shadow monster
this monster desperately desires flesh
and blood so kill it when you see it
as for sister boa who hasn't been
identified it's monger's wife
after the medical accident sister bauer
is worried about the monster running out
of the hospital
will cause terrible deaths and injuries
then i ran over and closed the hospital
myself
but monger is not willing to die here
for the sake of life he deletes all his
memories
so he guides everyone zhou shung with
him now his plan has been more than half
completed
now just turn on the computer in a lab
let the programmer glass's brother cut
off
all power the closed security door can
be opened monger turned on the computer
while talking
i happened to run into a strong man who
came back with a black girl munger
worried that the strong man would affect
his escape
don't do it at all a sneak attack
brought down zhuang yu
black girl was so scared that she
couldn't choose her way fled into the
side road
at this time the main power was cut off
the whole hospital department fell into
the darkness of tea
shadow monsters also started their own
slaughter shadow
to receive a box lunch is to take the
initiative to hide the black girl in the
steel coffin
immediately after that the first one ran
to the security gate
dr monglo as for the glasses brother and
the big i sister who are the farthest
from the security door
the third was attacked by a monster
big-eyed girl panicked and jumped into
the pool
but the monster can also swim was culled
by a monster in an instant
however brother glasses is very lucky to
merge with sister boar
the two successfully passed the security
gate escape the hospital
shadow monster in the dark i got out of
the hospital and chased me
dae young finally came out at the
critical moment the shadow monster born
in the underground hospital
where have you seen such a big battle
boiled to the explosion by the sun on
the spot
completely disappeared into the world as
for sister bore and brother glasses
since then i have lived a happy life
without a film this movie tells us
you must not hide in the basement if you
are engaged in scientific research
isn't it safe to get a sun room